docs: Add known issues for 5.8 (#2686)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/changes/known-issues-5.8.md

# Known Issues in EMQX 5.8

## e5.8.1

- **Node Cannot Start if a New Node Joined Cluster While It was Stopped (since 5.0)**

>   In a cluster of 2 or more nodes, if a new node joins the cluster while some nodes are down, the down nodes will fail to restart and emit logs like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In a cluster of 2 or more nodes, if a new node joins the cluster while some nodes are down, the nodes which were down will fail to restart and will emit logs like below.
```

  If `hybrid` mode buffer is used, you will need to manually clean up the old directories after upgrading from an older version.
  
  <!-- https://emqx.atlassian.net/browse/EMQX-13248 -->
  
- **Kafka Disk Buffer Resume (since 5.8.0)**

  If `disk` mode buffer is used, Kafka (Azure EventHubs, Confluent Platform) producers will not automatically start sending data from disk to Kafka after node restart. The sending will be triggered only after there is a new message to trigger the dynamic add of a topic producer.
  This will be fixed in 5.8.2.
  
  <!-- https://emqx.atlassian.net/browse/EMQX-13242 -->
  
- **Limitation in SAML-Based SSO (since 5.3)**

  EMQX Dashboard supports Single Sign-On based on the Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) 2.0 standard and integrates with Okta and OneLogin as identity providers. However, the SAML-based SSO currently does not support a certificate signature verification mechanism and is incompatible with Azure Entra ID due to its complexity.

## e5.8.0

- **Node Crash Race Condition (since 5.0, fixed in 5.8.1)**
  If a node shuts down while RPC channels are being established, it may cause the peer node to crash.
  

> - **500 Error Occurs When Deleting an Action with the Same Name as Source (since 5.7.2)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **500 Error Occurs When Deleting an Action with the Same Name as Source (since 5.5.0)**
```

  If `hybrid` mode buffer is used, you will need to manually clean up the old directories after upgrade from an older version.

  <!-- https://emqx.atlassian.net/browse/EMQX-13248 -->

- **Kafka Disk Buffer Resume (since 5.8.0)**

  If `disk` mode buffer is used, Kafka (Azure EventHubs, Confluent Platform) producers will not automatically start sending data from disk
  to Kafka after node restart, the send will be triggered only after there is a new message to trigger the dynamic add of a topic producer.
  This will be fixed in 5.8.2.

  <!-- https://emqx.atlassian.net/browse/EMQX-13242 -->

- **Limitation in SAML-Based SSO (since 5.3)**

  EMQX Dashboard supports Single Sign-On based on the Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) 2.0 standard and integrates with Okta and OneLogin as identity providers. However, the SAML-based SSO currently does not support a certificate signature verification mechanism and is incompatible with Azure Entra ID due to its complexity.

### e5.8.0

- **Node Crash Race Condition (since 5.0, fixed in 5.8.1)**
  If a node shutsdown while RPC channels are being established, it may cause the peer node to crash.

> - **Delete Action returns 500 error if there have same name in the Action and Source (since 5.7.2)**

Author: is it really from 5.7.2? Not 5.4.0 ? @HJianBo

Reviewer 2: After a testing, it introduced from e5.5.0
